Add 'PGRST' error code to differentiate from PostgreSQL errors (#1926)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

 - #1783, Include partitioned tables into the schema cache. Allows embedding, UPSERT, INSERT with Location response, OPTIONS request and OpenAPI support for partitioned tables - @laurenceisla
 - #1878, Add Retry-After hint header when in recovery mode - @gautam1168

>  - #1917, Add 'PostgREST' error code to payload body to differentiate from PostgreSQL errors - @laurenceisla

Reviewer: A bit more explicit:
```suggestion
 - #1917, Add `"code": "PostgREST"` to the error response body to differentiate PostgREST errors from PostgreSQL errors - @laurenceisla
```

 - #1783, Include partitioned tables into the schema cache. Allows embedding, UPSERT, INSERT with Location response, OPTIONS request and OpenAPI support for partitioned tables - @laurenceisla
 - #1878, Add Retry-After hint header when in recovery mode - @gautam1168

>  - #1917, Add error codes with the `"PGRST"` prefix to the error response body to differentiate PostgREST errors from PostgreSQL errors and include the `detail` and `hint` fields with `null` values if they are missing from the error response body. - @laurenceisla

Reviewer: This should be split into two CHANGELOG entries for more clarity.

```suggestion
 - #1917, Add error codes with the `"PGRST"` prefix to the error response body to differentiate PostgREST errors from PostgreSQL errors - @laurenceisla
 - #1917, Normalize the error messages by always having the `detail` and `hint` error fields as `null - @laurenceisla
```

Author: I modified it slightly to clarify when they will have the null value.

   + PostgreSQL versions below 14 can opt in to the new JSON GUCs by setting the `db-use-legacy-gucs` config option to false (true by default)
 - #1988, Allow specifying `unknown` for the `is` operator - @steve-chavez
 - #2031, Improve error message for ambiguous embedding and add a relevant hint that includes unambiguous embedding suggestions - @laurenceisla
 - #1917, Add error codes with the `"PGRST"` prefix to the error response body to differentiate PostgREST errors from PostgreSQL errors - @laurenceisla
 - #1917, Normalize the error response body by always having the `detail` and `hint` error fields with a `null` value if they are empty - @laurenceisla

>  - #2176, Errors raised with `SQLSTATE` now include the message and the code in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #2176, Errors raised with `SQLSTATE` now include the message and the code in the response body - @laurenceisla 
```
